[AP-7] Mofidy README (#22)
naruhiyo/appetizer: README.md

# appetizer
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Marketplace](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version/naruhiyo.apps.appetizer.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items/naruhiyo.apps.appetizer)
[![Lang: NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lang-NodeJS_14.15.4-blue.svg)]()
[![Lang: TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lang-TypeScript%204.1.2-blue.svg)]()

> At lunchtime and dinner time, *Appetizer* introduce you to a restaurant near the station you specify.

Author: ```suggestion
At lunchtime and dinnertime, *Appetizer* introduce you to a restaurant near the station you specify.
```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28133383/125632081-7d469949-adce-4232-8266-cead89e580db.gif" width="80%">

## Getting Started
1. Modify the settings to suit your requirements.

| key | value | example
| -- | -- | -- |
| appetizerConf.general.prefecture | Prefecture where the restaurant is located | 豊洲 |
| appetizerConf.general.nearStation | Near station to the restaurant | 東京都 |
| appetizerConf.general.minPrice | Minimum price | 500 |
| appetizerConf.general.maxPrice | Maximum price | 1800 |

2. At 11:30/17:30, the following message will be displayed.

3. If you pressed "する!" button, you will be presented with up to four restaurants that match your needs.

## For Developers

> <!-- TODO: .envのコピーとか書く？それかConfluenceにかいて消しちゃう？ -->

Reviewer: ここってどうするんだっけ？
